What is HTTP and its evolution:

    HTTP stands for hypertext transfer protocal used for transferring “hypertext” documents and 
    it is the basis for almost all web applications.These were simple documents comprising 
    mostly text and a few images, marked up with HTML to add formatting and links to 
    other hypertext documents.

    If we want to say specifically HTTP is the method  computers and servers use to request 
    and send information.For instance, someone wants to search certain.com from their laptop
    their web browser sends an HTTP request to the servers for the content that appears on 
    the page.Then, the servers send HTTP responses with the text, images, and formatting
    that the browser displays to the user.

    By 1996, the HTTP/1.0 specification was adopted.This version was elegant and simple for the needs of the mid-90s web – make a connection, 
    download a file, close the connection, and repeat for each file needed to display a web 
    page.

    But by end of 1990s things started to change.The web was rapidly evolving beyond 
    imagination,people wanted to watch videos and edit documents and also send animated greeting 
    cards from their browsers.The strategy of one connection, one file was quite slow for these 
    new use-cases.

    So in 1999 HTTP went through several stages of development and the first version of HTTP was 
    called HTTP/1.1.We lived HTTP/1.1 specification,shoehorning more and more modern 
    applications into the aging specification.This version is used on the web for almost 
    16 years.

    In 2015, a new version of HTTP called HTTP/2 was created.HTTP/2 solves several problems that
    the creators of HTTP/1.1 did not anticipate.In particular, HTTP/2 is much faster and more 
    efficient than HTTP/1.1.One of the ways in which HTTP/2 is faster is in how it prioritizes 
    content during the loading process.

Difference between HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2?

                HTTP/1.1                                  HTTP/2                         
       
    It works on the textual format.	         It works on the binary protocol.

    It loads resources one after  the        It is able to use a single TCP connection                                      
    other, so if one resources cannot        to send multiple streams of data at once                                                
    loaded, it blocks all other              so that no one resource blocks any other resource,                                                
    resources behind it.                     which allows multiplexing,so that the client knows 
                                             which stream each binary message belongs to. 
                                             Uses the connection of parallelism.

    It uses requests resource Inlining      It uses PUSH frame by server that collects
    for use getting multiple pages.         all multiple pages.                                   
                                                                                               
    It compresses data files by itself.	    It uses advanced data compression method to  
                                            compress data files called HPACK.                                                                                        

                                                                                           

     